Our Projects - Zakat & Charitable Foundation
Menu
Home
About Us
BBA
Zakat
What is Zakat & Nisab
Zakat Calculator
Gallery
Image Gallery
Video Gallery
Our Projects
Blogs
Contact
donate
Home
About Us
BBA
Zakat
What is Zakat & Nisab
Zakat Calculator
Gallery
Image Gallery
Video Gallery
Our Projects
Blogs
Contact
OUR PROJECTS
Mobile Clinic
Goals & Objectives
Despite many efforts to improve access to quality health care, our city faces many challenges like increasing costs, negligible awareness about basic health regime and high rates of chronic disease. People who are most affected by it are the ones with low income, people who belong to rural communities.
Identify neighborhoods where residents have a lack of access to healthcare.
Provide disease prevention services with community partners.
Provide primary medical care counseling and services at no cost to all individuals regardless of their caste, sex, and religion.
Mission
The mission of the Mobile Clinic is to reduce health disparities by providing best practice, flexible, low-barrier primary care at no cost to individuals, who are unable to access the healthcare system.
Vision
To create health program that creates a systematic approach equipping individuals and groups as advocates of health. Mobile health clinics will play an important role especially among vulnerable populations, in rural communities without easy access to healthcare facilities. For some people, mobile health clinics are the only means to lifesaving medical treatment and access to affordable health.
Brainy & Bright Academy (BBA)
Brainy & Bright Academy (BBA) has been recently established, in Lucknow under the banner of Zakat & Charitable Foundation. The coaching will be provided for economically and socially deprived students, who have potential to crack NEET & IIT-JEE, in collaboration with GRAVITY CLASSES, LUCKNOW, as knowledge and academic partner.
Join the highest result generating coaching class in the town from city’s top tutors for guaranteed results and get upto 90% discount. Now NEET-IIT-JEE coaching is not difficult for under privileged students. Few concerned people of the town have joined hands with Gravity Classes Lucknow, a leading coaching center in the entire region.For needy and deserving students, 90% of the fee will be paid through scholarship.
Eligibility: Coaching will be provided to 12th pass students and repeaters (who have appeared in NEET-IIT-JEE).
CLASSES WILL COMMENCE FROM 15-06-2023.
FACILTIES AVAILABLE
Classes will be conducted at the Gravity Coaching centers under the guidance of leading faculty members.
Special doubt Classes and counseled by experienced and knowledgeable teachers
Online and offline test series.
Air conditioned classrooms with digital boards.
Competitive Environment.
Healthy and nutrition diet.
Furnished hostel along with power backup.
Wi-Fi Facility
Address- 125, SHERWANI NAGAR, SITAPUR ROAD LUCKNOW-226021
9161399292 / 7860610648
Email- brainyacademylko@gmail.com
Let’s Connect
Facebook-f
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
zakatcharitablefoundation@gmail.com
+918528778878
Zakat and Charitable Foundation
A/c No: 50200067957289
IFSC Code:HDFC0009378
Bank Name: HDFC BANK
Branch: Subhash Marg , Lucknow-226003
Quick Links
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Become Volunteer
© Copyright 2023 – 2026 Zakat & Charitable Foundation